we continue to present the history of
francisco child a man who in
monterrey suffered the kidnapping or
Abduction by very human beings
possibly extraterrestrials here the
hypnotic regression where he tells us what
is what you can remember at least in your
subconscious a story for others
interesting hill estrada
he is credited
have had an experience of
abduction with extraterrestrial beings
several investigations and after having
induced to two earthquakes and regressive we have
obtained positive answers that we
indicate that we are facing a true
close encounter of the fifth type
the first elements that made us
think that the gentleman francisco child
Hernandez had been kidnapped by
extraterrestrial beings was when after
from his camp at the Latino ranch in
martín heron company he presented
these strange burns of which
highlighted the right arm where
one hand was imprinted the marks that
I brought the jose were from the hands of very
very long that there have been no human or
it does not have truth had along with its
phalanges hits the brands in the
burnt shoulders
he was seen in the flesh
francisco boy did not remember anything and
he accepted to be induced hypnosis
regressive and this is what he remembered today
something like
as a very dark part a very
dark or as if it were something like a
cavern to look out I saw something illuminated
the cavern like a dim light a light
reddish something like that and in the end I saw some
some gray characters like
approximately one meter
of height they asked me to
move on to another
to another room but I did not want to enter
francisco javier martínez mora who is
Mr. Francisco's co-worker
child gives us his opinion of this case the
I have a lot of time to know him and it's a
person who has a practice made
to see that later he was in front of
beings and this are around him
then that undoubtedly they were
studying shocking revelations of
the physiognomy of extraterrestrials
they stood out during the second hypnosis
they are gray that looks very big more than
the normal
with very long arms
very thin legs does not look as if
they will bring a full suit
they are inviting me but I do not
I do not move from there nothing else I see them
them and I see the light
and I'm lying on a thing like
out an iron or a table
I bring clothes but I'm shirtless
approximately 667 mamés also
as
if you were curious